## UserApp
- Contains all basic user functionality
- Is viewable in Django Admin
- Also contains public facing pages

### Levels & Roles
- Basic / General User
    - Default on Registration
    - Access - Chat and Health basic access
        - Can grant health access to Provider
        - Chat with a Mentor
        - Message Provider
    - Level - 0 
    - Role - General
- Trainer
    - Granted on request by ChatAdmin or higher
    - Access - General user +
        - Training materials on Chat Side
    - Level 2
    - Role - Trainer
- Mentor
    - Granted on request by ChatAdmin or Higher
    - Access - Trainer +
        - Ability to chat with General Users
        - Ability to flag Provider for General User if they have one
    - Level 4
    - Role - Mentor
- Provider
    - Granted on request by SuperAdmin or Higher
    - Access - General User +
        - Access to user Logs when granted by user
        - Able to message users who have granted them access (not the same as the chat)
        - User Logs access can be revoked
    - Level 4
    - Role - Provider
- Chat Admin
    - Granted on request by SuperAdmin or Higher
    - Access - Mentor +
        - Ability to upgrade General to Trainer
        - Ability to upgrade Trainer to Mentor
        - Ability to Moderate Groups
        - Ability to Block members as needed
        - Revoke Trainer and Mentor access
    - Level 6
    - Role - ChatAdmin
- SuperAdmin
    - Granted on request by Webmaster
    - Access  - ChatAdmin +
        - Ability to upgrade General to Provider
        - Ability to upgrade Mentor to ChatAdmin
        - Generate Code for upgrades (code are seen by those with upgrade access but can only be generated by SuperAdmin)
    - Level 8
    - Role - SuperAdmin
- Webmaster
    - Granted on request by Webmaster
    - UserID auto Webmaster
    - Access - SuperAdmin + 
        - Full site access
            - Can not read chats or logs unless access is granted by user
                - Can see log / chat counts and who between but content is blocked
    - Level 10
    - Role - Webmaster

### Session rules
- user_id - logged in or not
- role - for Mentor + ^ to chose how they see app

### Attributes
- First Name
- Last Name
- Username
- Password
- Level
- Last Logged On Date
- Profile
    - Image
    - Available Logs - Sugar / Sleep / Food


# Public pages write ups

## About
As we stated on the welcome page our health is important and finding ways to help keep track of it just as important.

We are always looking to add new way to help our members keep track of their health and mental well-being so please feel free to use our chat bot in the lower right corner to reach out with your ideas.


## Home
Welcome to Hive Mentor.  A special and unique place for all Tech Enthusiasts.  Come network with other Tech Enthusiasts, but more than that find a way to manage your health including your mental health.


Chose from the Chat side or Logs side.  You can chose from different things you wish to log or keep track of. Or chose the chat side and be taken to the main chat board.

This application is still a work in progress so please see below for what is intended to be released in each version.  Nothing will be removed just maybe shifted.  






Version 1.0 - Initial Release (Current)
- Log Side
    - Ability to chose from the different items to log
    - Ability to actually start creating those logs and keeping track of things
- Chat side
    - Single page message board.  Where you can send a message and reply to all users of the application - NOT LIVE RENDERED
    - One on One messaging.  Where you can send and receive messages from 1 other member.  NOT LIVE RENDERED


Version 1.1 - Addition of training materials for chat
- Chat side
    - A training section for those who would like to be come mentors. Mentors are fellow Tech Enthusiasts who have gone through training in understanding how to listen and help boost moods of other members